. UCERA, Y-O-S-A-R-A, knee news, N-U-N-E-Z in the city of Divinitka. They were going straight when another car cut them off from the opposite direction. Airbag deployed, caused bruises about over the chest, left chest, the left breast, and then it's about 40 centimeter bruises over left thigh and about 30 centimeter over outer leg, and then over the shin as well, and the bruises on the left leg and cut is present over the inner, the top of the knee and inner legs. All right, where do you have the pain? You have a chest pain? Yeah. How often do you have a chest pain? Um, it's pretty much when, well, it's always there, but it's pretty much when I, if I lay on this side, if I lean, lean over on that side. How about tender and touch? Yeah. What would you rate it? Right now or in the beginning? Just right now. Right now, it's like a, like a three. Three? Yeah, when I touch, it's still really sore. Tenderness over the left breast is achy, is under, mid, and constant, rated three. It's getting better? It's getting better. The soreness is still there. I can feel the bruising on my lung when I lay on my stomach. Soreness. So I can't really lay on my, I can't really lay on my stomach. Yeah. That's how I usually sleep, but I haven't been able to even lay on this side or my stomach. I have to lay on my right side or my back. You never had this problem? No. When I was pregnant, I couldn't lay on my stomach. Did you go to a hospital or any other doctor? Where did you go? We went to the ER. Where? Kaiser Permanente. Is that the name of it? Bull and Hills. Bull and Hills. And what they did for you in Kaiser? What they do? What they do? X-ray, CT scan? Yeah, yeah, both. X-ray and CT. Any medication prescribed? No, they just gave me Tylenol when I was there. Recommend therapy and rest? Yeah. Recommend therapy and rest. Beside the chest pain, what else hurts? My shoulders. Left shoulder or both? Both sides and my neck. It was kind of going up from my shoulders to my neck. And a little bit of my upper back. My knees, of course. The shoulder pain shooting up to the neck and what would you rate the pain 1 to 10? Right now, like a 3 as well. And then is it achy or? It's more like a shooting pain. Shooting pain, okay. Yeah, it's like instant. Sudden shooting. Yeah. And then one shoulder more than the other shoulder? Yeah, my left is more. And is the pain getting worse since the first day? No. No, it's about the same. Anything makes it better, like medication? The Tylenol does kind of help. I still feel the soreness and I've tried heat packs. Okay, and what makes it worse? Laying on it, probably? If I turn my head too fast or at first when I would look up and down it would hurt. Or if I turn my head way too far to the side it would hurt, but now I can do that. It's just when I turn fast. You never had this problem. That's for the shoulder. And how about the neck? Is that similar to the shoulder? Yes. Neck pain is the same as the shoulder. It's a sudden pain. It's a shooting pain. The pain goes up to the skull. And then it's a frequent pain. And it's about the same. Tylenol and heat makes it better. Turning movement, laying down aggravates the pain. And what else hurts? The knee? My knee, yeah. Yeah, I'm sure. I can feel you. How bad is your knee? Both knees about the same? I think the right side is a little worse. But I have patellar tendonitis on that side. What's the shoulder? Okay. You have both knees, but the right side is the worse than the left side. And how often do you feel it comes and goes? Mostly, yeah. Frequent, most times. Mostly when I'm standing for too long. If I stand for longer than five minutes. If I'm walking a long distance. Even if it's from one side of my apartment to the other. It starts to hurt. Is it achy pain or sharp pain? It's achy. It's achy pain. It comes and goes. What would you rate it? Zero to ten? Probably like a four. Four. And is the pain getting worse or is it about the same? It's about the same. Same. And the heat and Tylenol help? I haven't tried putting heat. Basically just sitting down helps. The resting and sitting down. And then you said standing and walking is aggravating the pain. You said you had patellar tendonitis, a previous condition on the right knee. When was that? It's been years, since like 2018, since I was in the military. Did you have the pain before the accident? Um, I was, it was calmed down. I didn't have pain for a while until the accident. And then fully recovered, but you had the issue, but you were fully recovered. Okay. And then beside the knee, what else hurt? Low back or no? No, it, my lower back did hurt the first few days, but it's, it's good now. Do you take any medication besides Tylenol? Hydroxychloroquine. Okay. And what else? Um, but, but a cycle beer. All right. Any medication for any diabetes, high blood pressure, none of those. This is the, what was the first accident you ever had? This is the first one or you had an accident in the past? No, I've had two accidents before. This is the worst one for sure. Um, the second one was worse than the first one. The first one, I didn't really have much going on with my body. I was kind of okay after that. The second one, I had whiplash and I had a concussion. When was that? That was in November of last year. Did you go to a doctor? Yes, I did. Did you fully recover? Yes. November 2023, fully recovered. Do you have any disc bulge or disc herniation? Any body parts or no? No. Okay. How far you can bend the neck forward before it hurts? How far you can go back before it hurts? Um, I can get right here. 40 degree with the pain. And I start to feel the shooting pain go up in my neck. 40 degree, the shooting pain goes to the, from the left chest and shoulder to the neck. And I can get right here. And about 40 degree flexion and you feel the pain same area. Shooting pain on the left chest and the left shoulder. How far you can bend it to the left lateral bending? Is about 20, 30 degree. And how about the other side? With pain? On this side I can get like right here before I start to feel something. Severe pain on the left lateral. How far you can turn to the left? About 60 degree the other side? Right there. Okay. With pain and on the right side is about 60 degree with the pain. Can you move your arm up? Let's see how far you can go the left rotation, left shoulder. Okay, left shoulder 180 degree but you have pain? I felt a little something but it wasn't as bad as when I'm moving my head. Okay, left shoulder pain and 180, right shoulder pain, no pain. And I'm doing this motion internal and external rotation is 90 degree. Pain on the left side with the internal rotation at 90 degree. How about external rotation? Do you have pain? No? And external rotation. How about abduction? Can you bring it forward? Do you have any pain? Just the pulling. 40 degree pain and pulling. How about going forward? Abduction from the front. You feel it, huh? Yeah. 170 degree and pain and pulling.
. to put my palm down. How about the other? I'm no problem with that one. That's right. Yeah, no, this one seems fine. All right. And how about the elbow up and close? That's okay. Okay, can you stand up and bend forward? Let's see how far you can go down. Yeah. That's it. How far you can go backward? Put 40 degree front, 30 degree back with the pain. You don't feel any pain. Can you go more than 40 degree? Can you go all the way? Okay, perfect. The range of motion of the low back in full and without the pain. You don't have pain. How about the knee? Can you flex and extend the knee? The left knee at any point. Now I can, but at first I could not. This side I could feel the inflammation. The left knee. It's more like a thickness feeling, like a tight feeling. Like I can handle it. It doesn't feel like painful. It just feels like it's hard. Doing this motion, that motion. Flexion. Okay. With the stiffness, internal rotation, external rotation, no pain. How about this? This side feels a lot smoother. But you feel a stiffness? Yeah, this side. It's like, you feel it on the, okay. It feels inflamed. I don't know. No, it does. It doesn't feel like painful, but it just feels like. Sore. Yeah. More sore. The right knee 130 with soreness, hyperextension, 5 degree with soreness, and internal and external with same left rotation, no problem. Right now it's throbbing just from. Tender on the touch of the anterior knee pain and the mouth swelling is inner medial pain. And there is a cut here. That's right. This is. Yeah, that's swelling. Yeah. And then the right knee, she does have a spasm and tightness of her quadricep muscle. And then bruises is noted from the inside, tenderness, spasm over the pectoralis. I'm just touching that you should say something. And then the inner bicep. And then the cervical from the C, from C2 down to C7, left greater than the right, go down to under the left posterior scapula.
